Welcome to the Love Never Fails Convention of Jehovah's Witnesses.
We are so happy that you were able to arrange your affairs to attend all three days of this convention.
We are sure that it will help you to get to know our loving Heavenly Father better,
draw closer to Him and fortify you for the tests and challenges that will face in the coming days.
Why were the words at first Corinthians 13 verse 8 chosen as the theme for this year's convention?
Because there's no other quality that's more important to Jehovah than love.
Jehovah is both the personification and the very source of love.
It's his dominant quality.
Everything he does is motivated by love.
We cannot properly think of Jehovah without thinking of love.
The Apostle John was inspired to say that God is love.
When John wrote that, he used the same Greek word for love that the Apostle Paul used at first Corinthians 13-8, Agape.
True, the scriptures use forms of the Greek word filia when encouraging Christians to have affection for one another.
Jesus even used the form of this word when saying that the Father has affection for the Son and shows Him all the things He Himself does.
But more frequently, the Bible uses the word Agape to indicate the love, Jehovah God and Jesus Christ have for each other.
As used in the scriptures, Agape involves more than an emotional response to another person.
This word often conveys the meaning of love guided by principle.
And it includes devotion to righteousness and sincere concern for the lasting welfare of others.
Why? Agape can even be shown to total strangers or even enemies.
To love people who don't love us back.
To love people we don't even like.
Or to love those who persecute us is a victory, an achievement, a conquest over all our natural inclinations and emotions.
It requires moral sense and awareness of duty, principle and propriety.
True Christians are thus trained to show love on purpose, to love at will.
Such love is the crowning quality of our Christian personality.
Such unselfish love is what moved Jehovah to create and it's what moved him to send his son to die for our sins.
Why does the governing body want all of us to comprehend fully what is the breadth and length and height and depth and to know the love of the Christ?
This comprehension and experience will help us not only to get a fuller appreciation for the love Jehovah and Jesus have for us,
but it will also equip us to show love in more ways and to a greater degree than ever before.
Such love will identify us as the true disciples of Jesus, allowing us to serve as beacons of light in this dark world.
And it will unite us with an unbreakable bond during what will be one of the darkest times in human history when the coalition of nations called Gag of Megag will attempt to annihilate God's people.
How do we know that Agape can do all of that?
Because at Colossians 3, 14 we are assured that Agape is a perfect bond of union.
That perfect bond is so strong that we consider ourselves under obligation to surrender our lives for our brothers, if need be.
Clearly, cultivating Christian love is a matter of life and death.
So please pay rapt attention to the talks and videos, look up the scriptures and read them along with the speakers,
thus allowing God's word to exert its powerful force on your heart.
And may this convention become a milestone in your development as a humble imitator of your incomparable and grand creator.
We love you very much, and the same desire that the Apostle Paul expressed to the congregation in Bessalonica,
which we find at first Dessalonians 3, 12, is also our heartful wish for you.
May the Lord cause you to increase, yes, to abound in love for one another and for all, just as we do for you.